# Go API client for Schedule Software/Config Updates

Infoblox by default does automatic software updates when they become available. Updates are applied to all on-prem hosts, physical or virtual. However, you can override and schedule the software updates. You can also defer the updates to a later date and time. You can configure up to a total of 50 deferrals (scheduled and deferred software updates), which means you have the flexibility to create up to 50 update groups across different on-prem hosts by mapping with appropriate tags. Tags are be used to associate deferrals (scheduled or deferred) with a specific or group of onprem-hosts. Apart from software update deferrals, config update deferrals also can be configured using these overrides.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v2
- Generator version: 7.5.0
- Build package: com.infoblox.codegen.BloxoneGoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the package using `go get`:
```bash
go get github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/upgradepolicy
```

Import the package into your code:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/upgradepolicy"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

To create a new API client, you can use the `NewAPIClient` function as shown below
```go
client := upgradepolicy.NewAPIClient()
```

## Configuration

The `NewAPIClient` function accepts a variadic list of `option.ClientOption` functions that can be used to configure the client.
It requires the `option` package to be imported. You can import the package using:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/option"
```

### Client Name
The client name is used to identify the client in the logs. By default, the client name is set to `bloxone-go-client`. You can change this using the `option.WithClientName` option. For example:
```go
client := upgradepolicy.NewAPIClient(option.WithClientName("my-client"))
```

### Server URL

The default URL for the Cloud Services Portal is `https://csp.infoblox.com`. If you need to change this, you can use `option.WithCSPUrl` to set the URL. For example:

```go
client := upgradepolicy.NewAPIClient(option.WithCSPUrl("https://csp.eu.infoblox.com"))
```

You can also set the URL using the environment variable `BLOXONE_CSP_URL`

### Authorization

An API key is required to access Schedule Software/Config Updates. You can obtain an API key by following the instructions in the guide for [Configuring User API Keys](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/BloxOneCloud/35430405/Configuring+User+API+Keys).

To use an API key with Schedule Software/Config Updates, you can use the `option.WithAPIKey` option. For example:

```go
client := upgradepolicy.NewAPIClient(option.WithAPIKey("YOUR_API_KEY"))
```

You can also set the API key using the environment variable `BLOXONE_API_KEY`

Note: The API key is a secret and should be handled securely. Hardcoding the API key in your code is not recommended.

### Default Tags

You can set default tags for all API requests using the `option.WithDefaultTags` option. For example:

```go
client := upgradepolicy.NewAPIClient(option.WithDefaultTags(map[string]string{"tag1": "value1", "tag2": "value2"}))
```
This will add the tags `tag1=value1` and `tag2=value2` to all API requests that support tags in the request body.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/api/upgrade_policy*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2ApplyConfigNow**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2applyconfignow) | **Post** /v2/config/apply_now | Immediately apply the config updates object to the list of hosts
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2Batch**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2batch) | **Post** /v2/maintenance_windows/batch | Create, update and/or delete multiple maintenance windows in a single request
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2Create**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2create) | **Post** /v2/maintenance_windows | Create a maintenance window
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2Delete**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2delete) | **Delete** /v2/maintenance_windows/{id} | Delete maintenance window
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2Get**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2get) | **Get** /v2/maintenance_windows/{id} | Read a maintenance window
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2List**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2list) | **Get** /v2/maintenance_windows | List all the maintenance windows
*UpgradePolicyV2API* | [**UpgradePolicyV2Update**](docs/UpgradePolicyV2API.md#upgradepolicyv2update) | **Patch** /v2/maintenance_windows/{id} | Update an existing maintenance window


## Documentation For Models

 - [ServiceV2ApplyConfigNowRequest](docs/ServiceV2ApplyConfigNowRequest.md)
 - [ServiceV2ApplyConfigNowResponse](docs/ServiceV2ApplyConfigNowResponse.md)
 - [ServiceV2ApplyConfigNowStatus](docs/ServiceV2ApplyConfigNowStatus.md)
 - [ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindow](docs/ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindowRequest](docs/ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindowRequest.md)
 - [ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindowResponse](docs/ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindowResponse.md)
 - [ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindowResult](docs/ServiceV2BatchMaintenanceWindowResult.md)
 - [ServiceV2CreateMaintenanceWindow](docs/ServiceV2CreateMaintenanceWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2CreateMaintenanceWindowRequest](docs/ServiceV2CreateMaintenanceWindowRequest.md)
 - [ServiceV2CreateMaintenanceWindowResponse](docs/ServiceV2CreateMaintenanceWindowResponse.md)
 - [ServiceV2DeferredWindow](docs/ServiceV2DeferredWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2DeleteMaintenanceWindowResponse](docs/ServiceV2DeleteMaintenanceWindowResponse.md)
 - [ServiceV2GetMaintenanceWindowResponse](docs/ServiceV2GetMaintenanceWindowResponse.md)
 - [ServiceV2ListMaintenanceWindowResponse](docs/ServiceV2ListMaintenanceWindowResponse.md)
 - [ServiceV2MaintenanceWindow](docs/ServiceV2MaintenanceWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2OnpremDetails](docs/ServiceV2OnpremDetails.md)
 - [ServiceV2ScheduledWindow](docs/ServiceV2ScheduledWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2StatusCode](docs/ServiceV2StatusCode.md)
 - [ServiceV2UpdateBatchMaintenanceWindow](docs/ServiceV2UpdateBatchMaintenanceWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2UpdateMaintenanceWindow](docs/ServiceV2UpdateMaintenanceWindow.md)
 - [ServiceV2UpdateMaintenanceWindowRequest](docs/ServiceV2UpdateMaintenanceWindowRequest.md)
 - [ServiceV2UpdateMaintenanceWindowResponse](docs/ServiceV2UpdateMaintenanceWindowResponse.md)


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`
