# InfraDetailHost

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CompositeStatus** | Pointer to **string** | Composite Status of this Host (&#x60;online&#x60;, &#x60;degraded&#x60;, &#x60;error&#x60;, &#x60;offline&#x60;, &#x60;pending&#x60;, &#x60;awaiting approval&#x60;). | [optional] 
**Configs** | Pointer to [**[]InfraDetailHostServiceConfig**](InfraDetailHostServiceConfig.md) | The list of Host-specific configurations for each Service deployed on this Host. | [optional] 
**ConnectivityMonitor** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** |  | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The timestamp of creation of Host. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | The description of the Host. | [optional] 
**DisplayName** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the Host. | [optional] 
**HostSubtype** | Pointer to **string** | The sub-type of a specific Host type.  Example: For Host type BloxOne Appliance, sub-type could be \&quot;B105\&quot; or \&quot;VEP1425\&quot; | [optional] 
**HostType** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**HostVersion** | Pointer to **string** | The version of the Host platform services. | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The resource identifier. | [optional] [readonly] 
**IpAddress** | Pointer to **string** | The IP address of the Host. | [optional] 
**IpSpace** | Pointer to **string** | The IP Space of the Host. | [optional] 
**LegacyId** | Pointer to **string** | The legacy Host object identifier. | [optional] 
**Location** | Pointer to [**InfraDetailLocation**](InfraDetailLocation.md) |  | [optional] 
**MacAddress** | Pointer to **string** | The MAC address of the Host. | [optional] 
**MaintenanceMode** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**NatIp** | Pointer to **string** | The NAT IP address of the Host. | [optional] 
**Ophid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique On-Prem Host ID generated by the On-Prem device and assigned to the Host once it is registered and logged into the Infoblox Cloud. | [optional] 
**Pool** | Pointer to [**InfraPoolInfo**](InfraPoolInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**SerialNumber** | Pointer to **string** | The unique serial number of the Host. | [optional] 
**Services** | Pointer to [**[]InfraDetailHostServiceConfig**](InfraDetailHostServiceConfig.md) | The list of Services deployed on this Host. | [optional] 
**SiteId** | Pointer to **string** | The Site ID of the Host. | [optional] 
**Tags** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | Tags associated with this Host. | [optional] 
**Timezone** | Pointer to **string** | The timezone of the Host. | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The timestamp of the latest update on Host. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewInfraDetailHost

`func NewInfraDetailHost() *InfraDetailHost`

NewInfraDetailHost instantiates a new InfraDetailHost object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewInfraDetailHostWithDefaults

`func NewInfraDetailHostWithDefaults() *InfraDetailHost`

NewInfraDetailHostWithDefaults instantiates a new InfraDetailHost object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCompositeStatus

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetCompositeStatus() string`

GetCompositeStatus returns the CompositeStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompositeStatusOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetCompositeStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompositeStatusOk returns a tuple with the CompositeStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompositeStatus

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetCompositeStatus(v string)`

SetCompositeStatus sets CompositeStatus field to given value.

### HasCompositeStatus

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasCompositeStatus() bool`

HasCompositeStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConfigs

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetConfigs() []InfraDetailHostServiceConfig`

GetConfigs returns the Configs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConfigsOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetConfigsOk() (*[]InfraDetailHostServiceConfig, bool)`

GetConfigsOk returns a tuple with the Configs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConfigs

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetConfigs(v []InfraDetailHostServiceConfig)`

SetConfigs sets Configs field to given value.

### HasConfigs

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasConfigs() bool`

HasConfigs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConnectivityMonitor

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetConnectivityMonitor() map[string]interface{}`

GetConnectivityMonitor returns the ConnectivityMonitor field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectivityMonitorOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetConnectivityMonitorOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetConnectivityMonitorOk returns a tuple with the ConnectivityMonitor field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectivityMonitor

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetConnectivityMonitor(v map[string]interface{})`

SetConnectivityMonitor sets ConnectivityMonitor field to given value.

### HasConnectivityMonitor

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasConnectivityMonitor() bool`

HasConnectivityMonitor returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDisplayName

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetDisplayName() string`

GetDisplayName returns the DisplayName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayNameOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetDisplayNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisplayNameOk returns a tuple with the DisplayName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayName

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetDisplayName(v string)`

SetDisplayName sets DisplayName field to given value.

### HasDisplayName

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasDisplayName() bool`

HasDisplayName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostSubtype

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetHostSubtype() string`

GetHostSubtype returns the HostSubtype field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostSubtypeOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetHostSubtypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostSubtypeOk returns a tuple with the HostSubtype field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostSubtype

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetHostSubtype(v string)`

SetHostSubtype sets HostSubtype field to given value.

### HasHostSubtype

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasHostSubtype() bool`

HasHostSubtype returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostType

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetHostType() string`

GetHostType returns the HostType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostTypeOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetHostTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostTypeOk returns a tuple with the HostType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostType

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetHostType(v string)`

SetHostType sets HostType field to given value.

### HasHostType

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasHostType() bool`

HasHostType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostVersion

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetHostVersion() string`

GetHostVersion returns the HostVersion field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostVersionOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetHostVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostVersionOk returns a tuple with the HostVersion field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostVersion

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetHostVersion(v string)`

SetHostVersion sets HostVersion field to given value.

### HasHostVersion

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasHostVersion() bool`

HasHostVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpAddress

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetIpAddress() string`

GetIpAddress returns the IpAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpAddressOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetIpAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpAddressOk returns a tuple with the IpAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpAddress

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetIpAddress(v string)`

SetIpAddress sets IpAddress field to given value.

### HasIpAddress

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasIpAddress() bool`

HasIpAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpSpace

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetIpSpace() string`

GetIpSpace returns the IpSpace field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpSpaceOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetIpSpaceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpSpaceOk returns a tuple with the IpSpace field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpSpace

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetIpSpace(v string)`

SetIpSpace sets IpSpace field to given value.

### HasIpSpace

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasIpSpace() bool`

HasIpSpace returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLegacyId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetLegacyId() string`

GetLegacyId returns the LegacyId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLegacyIdOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetLegacyIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLegacyIdOk returns a tuple with the LegacyId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLegacyId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetLegacyId(v string)`

SetLegacyId sets LegacyId field to given value.

### HasLegacyId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasLegacyId() bool`

HasLegacyId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocation

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetLocation() InfraDetailLocation`

GetLocation returns the Location field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocationOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetLocationOk() (*InfraDetailLocation, bool)`

GetLocationOk returns a tuple with the Location field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocation

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetLocation(v InfraDetailLocation)`

SetLocation sets Location field to given value.

### HasLocation

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasLocation() bool`

HasLocation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMacAddress

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetMacAddress() string`

GetMacAddress returns the MacAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMacAddressOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetMacAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMacAddressOk returns a tuple with the MacAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMacAddress

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetMacAddress(v string)`

SetMacAddress sets MacAddress field to given value.

### HasMacAddress

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasMacAddress() bool`

HasMacAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaintenanceMode

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetMaintenanceMode() string`

GetMaintenanceMode returns the MaintenanceMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaintenanceModeOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetMaintenanceModeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMaintenanceModeOk returns a tuple with the MaintenanceMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaintenanceMode

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetMaintenanceMode(v string)`

SetMaintenanceMode sets MaintenanceMode field to given value.

### HasMaintenanceMode

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasMaintenanceMode() bool`

HasMaintenanceMode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNatIp

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetNatIp() string`

GetNatIp returns the NatIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNatIpOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetNatIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNatIpOk returns a tuple with the NatIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNatIp

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetNatIp(v string)`

SetNatIp sets NatIp field to given value.

### HasNatIp

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasNatIp() bool`

HasNatIp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOphid

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetOphid() string`

GetOphid returns the Ophid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOphidOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetOphidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOphidOk returns a tuple with the Ophid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOphid

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetOphid(v string)`

SetOphid sets Ophid field to given value.

### HasOphid

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasOphid() bool`

HasOphid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPool

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetPool() InfraPoolInfo`

GetPool returns the Pool field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPoolOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetPoolOk() (*InfraPoolInfo, bool)`

GetPoolOk returns a tuple with the Pool field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPool

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetPool(v InfraPoolInfo)`

SetPool sets Pool field to given value.

### HasPool

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasPool() bool`

HasPool returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSerialNumber

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetSerialNumber() string`

GetSerialNumber returns the SerialNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSerialNumberOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetSerialNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSerialNumberOk returns a tuple with the SerialNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSerialNumber

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetSerialNumber(v string)`

SetSerialNumber sets SerialNumber field to given value.

### HasSerialNumber

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasSerialNumber() bool`

HasSerialNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServices

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetServices() []InfraDetailHostServiceConfig`

GetServices returns the Services field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServicesOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetServicesOk() (*[]InfraDetailHostServiceConfig, bool)`

GetServicesOk returns a tuple with the Services field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServices

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetServices(v []InfraDetailHostServiceConfig)`

SetServices sets Services field to given value.

### HasServices

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasServices() bool`

HasServices returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSiteId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetSiteId() string`

GetSiteId returns the SiteId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSiteIdOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetSiteIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSiteIdOk returns a tuple with the SiteId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSiteId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetSiteId(v string)`

SetSiteId sets SiteId field to given value.

### HasSiteId

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasSiteId() bool`

HasSiteId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTags

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetTags() map[string]interface{}`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetTagsOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetTags(v map[string]interface{})`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimezone

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetTimezone() string`

GetTimezone returns the Timezone field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimezoneOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetTimezoneOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimezoneOk returns a tuple with the Timezone field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimezone

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetTimezone(v string)`

SetTimezone sets Timezone field to given value.

### HasTimezone

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasTimezone() bool`

HasTimezone returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) SetUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *InfraDetailHost) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


