# DetailServiceHost

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CompositeStatus** | Pointer to **string** | Composite Status of the Host (&#x60;online&#x60;, &#x60;degraded&#x60;, &#x60;error&#x60;, &#x60;offline&#x60;, &#x60;pending&#x60;, &#x60;awaiting approval&#x60;). | [optional] 
**Config** | Pointer to [**DetailServiceHostConfig**](DetailServiceHostConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**DisplayName** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the Host (unique). | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The resource identifier. | [optional] [readonly] 
**IpAddress** | Pointer to **string** | The IP address of the Host. | [optional] 
**LegacyId** | Pointer to **string** | The legacy Host object identifier. | [optional] 
**MaintenanceMode** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Ophid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique On-Prem Host ID generated by the On-Prem device and assigned to the Host once it is registered and logged into the Infoblox Cloud. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewDetailServiceHost

`func NewDetailServiceHost() *DetailServiceHost`

NewDetailServiceHost instantiates a new DetailServiceHost object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewDetailServiceHostWithDefaults

`func NewDetailServiceHostWithDefaults() *DetailServiceHost`

NewDetailServiceHostWithDefaults instantiates a new DetailServiceHost object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCompositeStatus

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetCompositeStatus() string`

GetCompositeStatus returns the CompositeStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompositeStatusOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetCompositeStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompositeStatusOk returns a tuple with the CompositeStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompositeStatus

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetCompositeStatus(v string)`

SetCompositeStatus sets CompositeStatus field to given value.

### HasCompositeStatus

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasCompositeStatus() bool`

HasCompositeStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConfig

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetConfig() DetailServiceHostConfig`

GetConfig returns the Config field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConfigOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetConfigOk() (*DetailServiceHostConfig, bool)`

GetConfigOk returns a tuple with the Config field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConfig

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetConfig(v DetailServiceHostConfig)`

SetConfig sets Config field to given value.

### HasConfig

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasConfig() bool`

HasConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDisplayName

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetDisplayName() string`

GetDisplayName returns the DisplayName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayNameOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetDisplayNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisplayNameOk returns a tuple with the DisplayName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayName

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetDisplayName(v string)`

SetDisplayName sets DisplayName field to given value.

### HasDisplayName

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasDisplayName() bool`

HasDisplayName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpAddress

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetIpAddress() string`

GetIpAddress returns the IpAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpAddressOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetIpAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpAddressOk returns a tuple with the IpAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpAddress

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetIpAddress(v string)`

SetIpAddress sets IpAddress field to given value.

### HasIpAddress

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasIpAddress() bool`

HasIpAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLegacyId

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetLegacyId() string`

GetLegacyId returns the LegacyId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLegacyIdOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetLegacyIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLegacyIdOk returns a tuple with the LegacyId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLegacyId

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetLegacyId(v string)`

SetLegacyId sets LegacyId field to given value.

### HasLegacyId

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasLegacyId() bool`

HasLegacyId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaintenanceMode

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetMaintenanceMode() string`

GetMaintenanceMode returns the MaintenanceMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaintenanceModeOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetMaintenanceModeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMaintenanceModeOk returns a tuple with the MaintenanceMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaintenanceMode

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetMaintenanceMode(v string)`

SetMaintenanceMode sets MaintenanceMode field to given value.

### HasMaintenanceMode

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasMaintenanceMode() bool`

HasMaintenanceMode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOphid

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetOphid() string`

GetOphid returns the Ophid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOphidOk

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) GetOphidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOphidOk returns a tuple with the Ophid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOphid

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) SetOphid(v string)`

SetOphid sets Ophid field to given value.

### HasOphid

`func (o *DetailServiceHost) HasOphid() bool`

HasOphid returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


