# Go API client for Host Activation Service

Host activation service provides a RESTful interface to manage cert and join token object. Join tokens are essentially a password that allows on-prem hosts to auto-associate themselves to a customer's account and receive a signed cert.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.5.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the package using `go get`:
```bash
go get github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/infra_provision
```

Import the package into your code:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/infra_provision"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

To create a new API client, you can use the `NewAPIClient` function as shown below
```go
client := infra_provision.NewAPIClient()
```

## Configuration

The `NewAPIClient` function accepts a variadic list of `option.ClientOption` functions that can be used to configure the client.
It requires the `option` package to be imported. You can import the package using:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/option"
```

### Client Name
The client name is used to identify the client in the logs. By default, the client name is set to `bloxone-go-client`. You can change this using the `option.WithClientName` option. For example:
```go
client := infra_provision.NewAPIClient(option.WithClientName("my-client"))
```

### Server URL

The default URL for the Cloud Services Portal is `https://csp.infoblox.com`. If you need to change this, you can use `option.WithCSPUrl` to set the URL. For example:

```go
client := infra_provision.NewAPIClient(option.WithCSPUrl("https://csp.eu.infoblox.com"))
```

You can also set the URL using the environment variable `BLOXONE_CSP_URL`

### Authorization

An API key is required to access Host Activation Service. You can obtain an API key by following the instructions in the guide for [Configuring User API Keys](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/BloxOneCloud/35430405/Configuring+User+API+Keys).

To use an API key with Host Activation Service, you can use the `option.WithAPIKey` option. For example:

```go
client := infra_provision.NewAPIClient(option.WithAPIKey("YOUR_API_KEY"))
```

You can also set the API key using the environment variable `BLOXONE_API_KEY`

Note: The API key is a secret and should be handled securely. Hardcoding the API key in your code is not recommended.

### Default Tags

You can set default tags for all API requests using the `option.WithDefaultTags` option. For example:

```go
client := infra_provision.NewAPIClient(option.WithDefaultTags(map[string]string{"tag1": "value1", "tag2": "value2"}))
```
This will add the tags `tag1=value1` and `tag2=value2` to all API requests that support tags in the request body.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://csp.infoblox.com/host-activation/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*UICSRAPI* | [**UICSRApprove**](docs/UICSRAPI.md#uicsrapprove) | **Post** /csr/{activation_code}/approve | Marks the certificate signing request as approved. The host activation service will then continue with the signing process.
*UICSRAPI* | [**UICSRDeny**](docs/UICSRAPI.md#uicsrdeny) | **Post** /csr/{activation_code}/deny | Marks the certificate signing request as denied.
*UICSRAPI* | [**UICSRList**](docs/UICSRAPI.md#uicsrlist) | **Get** /csr | User can list the certificate signing requests for an account.
*UICSRAPI* | [**UICSRRevoke**](docs/UICSRAPI.md#uicsrrevoke) | **Post** /cert/{cert_serial}/revoke | Invalidates a certificate by adding it to a certificate revocation list.
*UICSRAPI* | [**UICSRRevoke2**](docs/UICSRAPI.md#uicsrrevoke2) | **Post** /host/{ophid}/revoke | Invalidates a certificate by adding it to a certificate revocation list.
*UIJoinTokenAPI* | [**UIJoinTokenCreate**](docs/UIJoinTokenAPI.md#uijointokencreate) | **Post** /jointoken | User can create a join token. Join token is random character string which is used for instant validation of new hosts.
*UIJoinTokenAPI* | [**UIJoinTokenDelete**](docs/UIJoinTokenAPI.md#uijointokendelete) | **Delete** /jointoken/{id} | User can revoke the join token. Once revoked, it can not be used further. The join token record is preserved forever.
*UIJoinTokenAPI* | [**UIJoinTokenDeleteSet**](docs/UIJoinTokenAPI.md#uijointokendeleteset) | **Delete** /jointokens | User can revoke a list of join tokens. Once revoked, join tokens can not be used further. The records are preserved forever.
*UIJoinTokenAPI* | [**UIJoinTokenList**](docs/UIJoinTokenAPI.md#uijointokenlist) | **Get** /jointoken | User can list the join tokens for an account.
*UIJoinTokenAPI* | [**UIJoinTokenRead**](docs/UIJoinTokenAPI.md#uijointokenread) | **Get** /jointoken/{id} | User can get the join token providing its resource id in the parameter.
*UIJoinTokenAPI* | [**UIJoinTokenUpdate**](docs/UIJoinTokenAPI.md#uijointokenupdate) | **Patch** /jointoken/{id} | User can modify the tags or expiration time of a join token.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ApiPageInfo](docs/ApiPageInfo.md)
 - [HostactivationApproveCSRRequest](docs/HostactivationApproveCSRRequest.md)
 - [HostactivationCSR](docs/HostactivationCSR.md)
 - [HostactivationCSRState](docs/HostactivationCSRState.md)
 - [HostactivationCreateJoinTokenResponse](docs/HostactivationCreateJoinTokenResponse.md)
 - [HostactivationDeleteJoinTokensRequest](docs/HostactivationDeleteJoinTokensRequest.md)
 - [HostactivationDenyCSRRequest](docs/HostactivationDenyCSRRequest.md)
 - [HostactivationJoinToken](docs/HostactivationJoinToken.md)
 - [HostactivationListCSRsResponse](docs/HostactivationListCSRsResponse.md)
 - [HostactivationListJoinTokenResponse](docs/HostactivationListJoinTokenResponse.md)
 - [HostactivationReadJoinTokenResponse](docs/HostactivationReadJoinTokenResponse.md)
 - [HostactivationRevokeCertRequest](docs/HostactivationRevokeCertRequest.md)
 - [HostactivationUpdateJoinTokenResponse](docs/HostactivationUpdateJoinTokenResponse.md)
 - [JoinTokenJoinTokenStatus](docs/JoinTokenJoinTokenStatus.md)
 - [TypesInetValue](docs/TypesInetValue.md)
 - [TypesJSONValue](docs/TypesJSONValue.md)


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`
