# Go API client for IP Address Management API

The IPAM/DHCP Application is a BloxOne DDI service providing IP address management and DHCP protocol features. The IPAM component provides visibility into and provisioning tools to manage networking spaces, monitoring and reporting of entire IP address infrastructures, and integration with DNS and DHCP protocols. The DHCP component provides DHCP protocol configuration service with on-prem host serving DHCP protocol. It is part of the full-featured, DDI cloud solution that enables customers to deploy large numbers of protocol servers to deliver DNS and DHCP throughout their enterprise network.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.5.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the package using `go get`:
```bash
go get github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/ipam
```

Import the package into your code:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/ipam"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

To create a new API client, you can use the `NewAPIClient` function as shown below
```go
client := ipam.NewAPIClient()
```

## Configuration

The `NewAPIClient` function accepts a variadic list of `option.ClientOption` functions that can be used to configure the client.
It requires the `option` package to be imported. You can import the package using:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/option"
```

### Client Name
The client name is used to identify the client in the logs. By default, the client name is set to `bloxone-go-client`. You can change this using the `option.WithClientName` option. For example:
```go
client := ipam.NewAPIClient(option.WithClientName("my-client"))
```

### Server URL

The default URL for the Cloud Services Portal is `https://csp.infoblox.com`. If you need to change this, you can use `option.WithCSPUrl` to set the URL. For example:

```go
client := ipam.NewAPIClient(option.WithCSPUrl("https://csp.eu.infoblox.com"))
```

You can also set the URL using the environment variable `BLOXONE_CSP_URL`

### Authorization

An API key is required to access IP Address Management API. You can obtain an API key by following the instructions in the guide for [Configuring User API Keys](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/BloxOneCloud/35430405/Configuring+User+API+Keys).

To use an API key with IP Address Management API, you can use the `option.WithAPIKey` option. For example:

```go
client := ipam.NewAPIClient(option.WithAPIKey("YOUR_API_KEY"))
```

You can also set the API key using the environment variable `BLOXONE_API_KEY`

Note: The API key is a secret and should be handled securely. Hardcoding the API key in your code is not recommended.

### Default Tags

You can set default tags for all API requests using the `option.WithDefaultTags` option. For example:

```go
client := ipam.NewAPIClient(option.WithDefaultTags(map[string]string{"tag1": "value1", "tag2": "value2"}))
```
This will add the tags `tag1=value1` and `tag2=value2` to all API requests that support tags in the request body.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://csp.infoblox.com/api/ddi/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AddressAPI* | [**AddressCreate**](docs/AddressAPI.md#addresscreate) | **Post** /ipam/address | Create the IP address.
*AddressAPI* | [**AddressDelete**](docs/AddressAPI.md#addressdelete) | **Delete** /ipam/address/{id} | Move the IP address to the recycle bin.
*AddressAPI* | [**AddressList**](docs/AddressAPI.md#addresslist) | **Get** /ipam/address | Retrieve IP addresses.
*AddressAPI* | [**AddressRead**](docs/AddressAPI.md#addressread) | **Get** /ipam/address/{id} | Retrieve the IP address.
*AddressAPI* | [**AddressUpdate**](docs/AddressAPI.md#addressupdate) | **Patch** /ipam/address/{id} | Update the IP address.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockCopy**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockcopy) | **Post** /ipam/address_block/{id}/copy | Copy the address block.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockCreate**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockcreate) | **Post** /ipam/address_block | Create the address block.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockCreateNextAvailableAB**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockcreatenextavailableab) | **Post** /ipam/address_block/{id}/nextavailableaddressblock | Create the Next Available Address Block object.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockCreateNextAvailableIP**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockcreatenextavailableip) | **Post** /ipam/address_block/{id}/nextavailableip | Allocate the next available IP address.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockCreateNextAvailableSubnet**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockcreatenextavailablesubnet) | **Post** /ipam/address_block/{id}/nextavailablesubnet | Create the Next Available Subnet object.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockDelete**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockdelete) | **Delete** /ipam/address_block/{id} | Move the address block to the recycle bin.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockList**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblocklist) | **Get** /ipam/address_block | Retrieve the address blocks.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockListNextAvailableAB**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblocklistnextavailableab) | **Get** /ipam/address_block/{id}/nextavailableaddressblock | List Next Available Address Block objects.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockListNextAvailableIP**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblocklistnextavailableip) | **Get** /ipam/address_block/{id}/nextavailableip | Retrieve the next available IP address.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockListNextAvailableSubnet**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblocklistnextavailablesubnet) | **Get** /ipam/address_block/{id}/nextavailablesubnet | List Next Available Subnet objects.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockRead**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockread) | **Get** /ipam/address_block/{id} | Retrieve the address block.
*AddressBlockAPI* | [**AddressBlockUpdate**](docs/AddressBlockAPI.md#addressblockupdate) | **Patch** /ipam/address_block/{id} | Update the address block.
*AsmAPI* | [**AsmCreate**](docs/AsmAPI.md#asmcreate) | **Post** /ipam/asm | Update subnet and ranges for Automated Scope Management.
*AsmAPI* | [**AsmList**](docs/AsmAPI.md#asmlist) | **Get** /ipam/asm | Retrieve suggested updates for Automated Scope Management.
*AsmAPI* | [**AsmRead**](docs/AsmAPI.md#asmread) | **Get** /ipam/asm/{id} | Retrieve the suggested update for Automated Scope Management.
*DhcpHostAPI* | [**DhcpHostList**](docs/DhcpHostAPI.md#dhcphostlist) | **Get** /dhcp/host | Retrieve DHCP hosts.
*DhcpHostAPI* | [**DhcpHostListAssociations**](docs/DhcpHostAPI.md#dhcphostlistassociations) | **Get** /dhcp/host/{id}/associations | Retrieve DHCP host associations.
*DhcpHostAPI* | [**DhcpHostRead**](docs/DhcpHostAPI.md#dhcphostread) | **Get** /dhcp/host/{id} | Retrieve the DHCP host.
*DhcpHostAPI* | [**DhcpHostUpdate**](docs/DhcpHostAPI.md#dhcphostupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/host/{id} | Update the DHCP hosts.
*DnsUsageAPI* | [**DnsUsageList**](docs/DnsUsageAPI.md#dnsusagelist) | **Get** /ipam/dns_usage | Retrieve DNS usage for multiple objects.
*DnsUsageAPI* | [**DnsUsageRead**](docs/DnsUsageAPI.md#dnsusageread) | **Get** /ipam/dns_usage/{id} | Retrieve the DNS usage.
*FilterAPI* | [**FilterList**](docs/FilterAPI.md#filterlist) | **Get** /dhcp/filter | Retrieve DHCP filters.
*FixedAddressAPI* | [**FixedAddressCreate**](docs/FixedAddressAPI.md#fixedaddresscreate) | **Post** /dhcp/fixed_address | Create the fixed address.
*FixedAddressAPI* | [**FixedAddressDelete**](docs/FixedAddressAPI.md#fixedaddressdelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/fixed_address/{id} | Move the fixed address to the recycle bin.
*FixedAddressAPI* | [**FixedAddressList**](docs/FixedAddressAPI.md#fixedaddresslist) | **Get** /dhcp/fixed_address | Retrieve fixed addresses.
*FixedAddressAPI* | [**FixedAddressRead**](docs/FixedAddressAPI.md#fixedaddressread) | **Get** /dhcp/fixed_address/{id} | Retrieve the fixed address.
*FixedAddressAPI* | [**FixedAddressUpdate**](docs/FixedAddressAPI.md#fixedaddressupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/fixed_address/{id} | Update the fixed address.
*GlobalAPI* | [**GlobalRead**](docs/GlobalAPI.md#globalread) | **Get** /dhcp/global | Retrieve the global configuration.
*GlobalAPI* | [**GlobalRead2**](docs/GlobalAPI.md#globalread2) | **Get** /dhcp/global/{id} | Retrieve the global configuration.
*GlobalAPI* | [**GlobalUpdate**](docs/GlobalAPI.md#globalupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/global | Update the global configuration.
*GlobalAPI* | [**GlobalUpdate2**](docs/GlobalAPI.md#globalupdate2) | **Patch** /dhcp/global/{id} | Update the global configuration.
*HaGroupAPI* | [**HaGroupCreate**](docs/HaGroupAPI.md#hagroupcreate) | **Post** /dhcp/ha_group | Create the HA group.
*HaGroupAPI* | [**HaGroupDelete**](docs/HaGroupAPI.md#hagroupdelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/ha_group/{id} | Delete the HA group.
*HaGroupAPI* | [**HaGroupList**](docs/HaGroupAPI.md#hagrouplist) | **Get** /dhcp/ha_group | Retrieve HA groups.
*HaGroupAPI* | [**HaGroupRead**](docs/HaGroupAPI.md#hagroupread) | **Get** /dhcp/ha_group/{id} | Retrieve the HA group.
*HaGroupAPI* | [**HaGroupUpdate**](docs/HaGroupAPI.md#hagroupupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/ha_group/{id} | Update the HA group.
*HardwareFilterAPI* | [**HardwareFilterCreate**](docs/HardwareFilterAPI.md#hardwarefiltercreate) | **Post** /dhcp/hardware_filter | Create the hardware filter.
*HardwareFilterAPI* | [**HardwareFilterDelete**](docs/HardwareFilterAPI.md#hardwarefilterdelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/hardware_filter/{id} | Move the hardware filter to the recycle bin.
*HardwareFilterAPI* | [**HardwareFilterList**](docs/HardwareFilterAPI.md#hardwarefilterlist) | **Get** /dhcp/hardware_filter | Retrieve hardware filters.
*HardwareFilterAPI* | [**HardwareFilterRead**](docs/HardwareFilterAPI.md#hardwarefilterread) | **Get** /dhcp/hardware_filter/{id} | Retrieve the hardware filter.
*HardwareFilterAPI* | [**HardwareFilterUpdate**](docs/HardwareFilterAPI.md#hardwarefilterupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/hardware_filter/{id} | Update the hardware filter.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceBulkCopy**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspacebulkcopy) | **Post** /ipam/ip_space/bulk_copy | Copy the specified address block and subnets in the IP space.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceCopy**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspacecopy) | **Post** /ipam/ip_space/{id}/copy | Copy the IP space.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceCreate**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspacecreate) | **Post** /ipam/ip_space | Create the IP space.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceDelete**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspacedelete) | **Delete** /ipam/ip_space/{id} | Move the IP space to the recycle bin.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceList**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspacelist) | **Get** /ipam/ip_space | Retrieve IP spaces.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceRead**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspaceread) | **Get** /ipam/ip_space/{id} | Retrieve the IP space.
*IpSpaceAPI* | [**IpSpaceUpdate**](docs/IpSpaceAPI.md#ipspaceupdate) | **Patch** /ipam/ip_space/{id} | Update the IP space.
*IpamHostAPI* | [**IpamHostCreate**](docs/IpamHostAPI.md#ipamhostcreate) | **Post** /ipam/host | Create the IPAM host.
*IpamHostAPI* | [**IpamHostDelete**](docs/IpamHostAPI.md#ipamhostdelete) | **Delete** /ipam/host/{id} | Move the IPAM host to the recycle bin.
*IpamHostAPI* | [**IpamHostList**](docs/IpamHostAPI.md#ipamhostlist) | **Get** /ipam/host | Retrieve the IPAM hosts.
*IpamHostAPI* | [**IpamHostRead**](docs/IpamHostAPI.md#ipamhostread) | **Get** /ipam/host/{id} | Retrieve the IPAM host.
*IpamHostAPI* | [**IpamHostUpdate**](docs/IpamHostAPI.md#ipamhostupdate) | **Patch** /ipam/host/{id} | Update the IPAM host.
*LeasesCommandAPI* | [**LeasesCommandCreate**](docs/LeasesCommandAPI.md#leasescommandcreate) | **Post** /dhcp/leases_command | Perform actions like clearing DHCP lease(s).
*OptionCodeAPI* | [**OptionCodeCreate**](docs/OptionCodeAPI.md#optioncodecreate) | **Post** /dhcp/option_code | Create the DHCP option code.
*OptionCodeAPI* | [**OptionCodeDelete**](docs/OptionCodeAPI.md#optioncodedelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/option_code/{id} | Delete the DHCP option code.
*OptionCodeAPI* | [**OptionCodeList**](docs/OptionCodeAPI.md#optioncodelist) | **Get** /dhcp/option_code | Retrieve DHCP option codes.
*OptionCodeAPI* | [**OptionCodeRead**](docs/OptionCodeAPI.md#optioncoderead) | **Get** /dhcp/option_code/{id} | Retrieve the DHCP option code.
*OptionCodeAPI* | [**OptionCodeUpdate**](docs/OptionCodeAPI.md#optioncodeupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/option_code/{id} | Update the DHCP option code.
*OptionFilterAPI* | [**OptionFilterCreate**](docs/OptionFilterAPI.md#optionfiltercreate) | **Post** /dhcp/option_filter | Create the DHCP option filter.
*OptionFilterAPI* | [**OptionFilterDelete**](docs/OptionFilterAPI.md#optionfilterdelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/option_filter/{id} | Move the DHCP option filter to the recycle bin.
*OptionFilterAPI* | [**OptionFilterList**](docs/OptionFilterAPI.md#optionfilterlist) | **Get** /dhcp/option_filter | Retrieve DHCP option filters.
*OptionFilterAPI* | [**OptionFilterRead**](docs/OptionFilterAPI.md#optionfilterread) | **Get** /dhcp/option_filter/{id} | Retrieve the DHCP option filter.
*OptionFilterAPI* | [**OptionFilterUpdate**](docs/OptionFilterAPI.md#optionfilterupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/option_filter/{id} | Update the DHCP option filter.
*OptionGroupAPI* | [**OptionGroupCreate**](docs/OptionGroupAPI.md#optiongroupcreate) | **Post** /dhcp/option_group | Create the DHCP option group.
*OptionGroupAPI* | [**OptionGroupDelete**](docs/OptionGroupAPI.md#optiongroupdelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/option_group/{id} | Move the DHCP option group to the recycle bin.
*OptionGroupAPI* | [**OptionGroupList**](docs/OptionGroupAPI.md#optiongrouplist) | **Get** /dhcp/option_group | Retrieve DHCP option groups.
*OptionGroupAPI* | [**OptionGroupRead**](docs/OptionGroupAPI.md#optiongroupread) | **Get** /dhcp/option_group/{id} | Retrieve the DHCP option group.
*OptionGroupAPI* | [**OptionGroupUpdate**](docs/OptionGroupAPI.md#optiongroupupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/option_group/{id} | Update the DHCP option group.
*OptionSpaceAPI* | [**OptionSpaceCreate**](docs/OptionSpaceAPI.md#optionspacecreate) | **Post** /dhcp/option_space | Create the DHCP option space.
*OptionSpaceAPI* | [**OptionSpaceDelete**](docs/OptionSpaceAPI.md#optionspacedelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/option_space/{id} | Move the DHCP option space to the recycle bin.
*OptionSpaceAPI* | [**OptionSpaceList**](docs/OptionSpaceAPI.md#optionspacelist) | **Get** /dhcp/option_space | Retrieve DHCP option spaces.
*OptionSpaceAPI* | [**OptionSpaceRead**](docs/OptionSpaceAPI.md#optionspaceread) | **Get** /dhcp/option_space/{id} | Retrieve the DHCP option space.
*OptionSpaceAPI* | [**OptionSpaceUpdate**](docs/OptionSpaceAPI.md#optionspaceupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/option_space/{id} | Update the DHCP option space.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeCreate**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangecreate) | **Post** /ipam/range | Create the range.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeCreateNextAvailableIP**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangecreatenextavailableip) | **Post** /ipam/range/{id}/nextavailableip | Allocate the next available IP address.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeDelete**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangedelete) | **Delete** /ipam/range/{id} | Move the range to the recycle bin.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeList**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangelist) | **Get** /ipam/range | Retrieve ranges.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeListNextAvailableIP**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangelistnextavailableip) | **Get** /ipam/range/{id}/nextavailableip | Retrieve the next available IP address.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeRead**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangeread) | **Get** /ipam/range/{id} | Retrieve the range.
*RangeAPI* | [**RangeUpdate**](docs/RangeAPI.md#rangeupdate) | **Patch** /ipam/range/{id} | Update the range.
*ServerAPI* | [**ServerCreate**](docs/ServerAPI.md#servercreate) | **Post** /dhcp/server | Create the DHCP configuration profile.
*ServerAPI* | [**ServerDelete**](docs/ServerAPI.md#serverdelete) | **Delete** /dhcp/server/{id} | Move the DHCP configuration profile to the recycle bin.
*ServerAPI* | [**ServerList**](docs/ServerAPI.md#serverlist) | **Get** /dhcp/server | Retrieve DHCP configuration profiles.
*ServerAPI* | [**ServerRead**](docs/ServerAPI.md#serverread) | **Get** /dhcp/server/{id} | Retrieve the DHCP configuration profile.
*ServerAPI* | [**ServerUpdate**](docs/ServerAPI.md#serverupdate) | **Patch** /dhcp/server/{id} | Update the DHCP configuration profile.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetCopy**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetcopy) | **Post** /ipam/subnet/{id}/copy | Copy the subnet.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetCreate**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetcreate) | **Post** /ipam/subnet | Create the subnet.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetCreateNextAvailableIP**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetcreatenextavailableip) | **Post** /ipam/subnet/{id}/nextavailableip | Allocate the next available IP address.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetDelete**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetdelete) | **Delete** /ipam/subnet/{id} | Move the subnet to the recycle bin.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetList**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetlist) | **Get** /ipam/subnet | Retrieve subnets.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetListNextAvailableIP**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetlistnextavailableip) | **Get** /ipam/subnet/{id}/nextavailableip | Retrieve the next available IP address.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetRead**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetread) | **Get** /ipam/subnet/{id} | Retrieve the subnet.
*SubnetAPI* | [**SubnetUpdate**](docs/SubnetAPI.md#subnetupdate) | **Patch** /ipam/subnet/{id} | Update the subnet.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ASM](docs/ASM.md)
 - [ASMConfig](docs/ASMConfig.md)
 - [AccessFilter](docs/AccessFilter.md)
 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [AddressBlock](docs/AddressBlock.md)
 - [AsmEnableBlock](docs/AsmEnableBlock.md)
 - [AsmGrowthBlock](docs/AsmGrowthBlock.md)
 - [BulkCopyError](docs/BulkCopyError.md)
 - [BulkCopyIPSpace](docs/BulkCopyIPSpace.md)
 - [BulkCopyIPSpaceResponse](docs/BulkCopyIPSpaceResponse.md)
 - [CopyAddressBlock](docs/CopyAddressBlock.md)
 - [CopyAddressBlockResponse](docs/CopyAddressBlockResponse.md)
 - [CopyIPSpace](docs/CopyIPSpace.md)
 - [CopyIPSpaceResponse](docs/CopyIPSpaceResponse.md)
 - [CopyResponse](docs/CopyResponse.md)
 - [CopySubnet](docs/CopySubnet.md)
 - [CopySubnetResponse](docs/CopySubnetResponse.md)
 - [CreateASMResponse](docs/CreateASMResponse.md)
 - [CreateAddressBlockResponse](docs/CreateAddressBlockResponse.md)
 - [CreateAddressResponse](docs/CreateAddressResponse.md)
 - [CreateFixedAddressResponse](docs/CreateFixedAddressResponse.md)
 - [CreateHAGroupResponse](docs/CreateHAGroupResponse.md)
 - [CreateHardwareFilterResponse](docs/CreateHardwareFilterResponse.md)
 - [CreateIPSpaceResponse](docs/CreateIPSpaceResponse.md)
 - [CreateIpamHostResponse](docs/CreateIpamHostResponse.md)
 - [CreateLeasesCommandResponse](docs/CreateLeasesCommandResponse.md)
 - [CreateNextAvailableABResponse](docs/CreateNextAvailableABResponse.md)
 - [CreateNextAvailableIPResponse](docs/CreateNextAvailableIPResponse.md)
 - [CreateNextAvailableSubnetResponse](docs/CreateNextAvailableSubnetResponse.md)
 - [CreateOptionCodeResponse](docs/CreateOptionCodeResponse.md)
 - [CreateOptionFilterResponse](docs/CreateOptionFilterResponse.md)
 - [CreateOptionGroupResponse](docs/CreateOptionGroupResponse.md)
 - [CreateOptionSpaceResponse](docs/CreateOptionSpaceResponse.md)
 - [CreateRangeResponse](docs/CreateRangeResponse.md)
 - [CreateServerResponse](docs/CreateServerResponse.md)
 - [CreateSubnetResponse](docs/CreateSubnetResponse.md)
 - [DDNSBlock](docs/DDNSBlock.md)
 - [DDNSHostnameBlock](docs/DDNSHostnameBlock.md)
 - [DDNSUpdateBlock](docs/DDNSUpdateBlock.md)
 - [DDNSZone](docs/DDNSZone.md)
 - [DHCPConfig](docs/DHCPConfig.md)
 - [DHCPInfo](docs/DHCPInfo.md)
 - [DHCPInheritance](docs/DHCPInheritance.md)
 - [DHCPOptionsInheritance](docs/DHCPOptionsInheritance.md)
 - [DHCPPacketStats](docs/DHCPPacketStats.md)
 - [DHCPUtilization](docs/DHCPUtilization.md)
 - [DHCPUtilizationThreshold](docs/DHCPUtilizationThreshold.md)
 - [DNSUsage](docs/DNSUsage.md)
 - [ExclusionRange](docs/ExclusionRange.md)
 - [Filter](docs/Filter.md)
 - [FixedAddress](docs/FixedAddress.md)
 - [FixedAddressInheritance](docs/FixedAddressInheritance.md)
 - [Global](docs/Global.md)
 - [HAGroup](docs/HAGroup.md)
 - [HAGroupHeartbeats](docs/HAGroupHeartbeats.md)
 - [HAGroupHost](docs/HAGroupHost.md)
 - [HardwareFilter](docs/HardwareFilter.md)
 - [Host](docs/Host.md)
 - [HostAddress](docs/HostAddress.md)
 - [HostAssociatedServer](docs/HostAssociatedServer.md)
 - [HostAssociationsResponse](docs/HostAssociationsResponse.md)
 - [HostName](docs/HostName.md)
 - [HostnameRewriteBlock](docs/HostnameRewriteBlock.md)
 - [IPSpace](docs/IPSpace.md)
 - [IPSpaceInheritance](docs/IPSpaceInheritance.md)
 - [IgnoreItem](docs/IgnoreItem.md)
 - [InheritanceAssignedHost](docs/InheritanceAssignedHost.md)
 - [InheritanceInheritedBool](docs/InheritanceInheritedBool.md)
 - [InheritanceInheritedFloat](docs/InheritanceInheritedFloat.md)
 - [InheritanceInheritedIdentifier](docs/InheritanceInheritedIdentifier.md)
 - [InheritanceInheritedString](docs/InheritanceInheritedString.md)
 - [InheritanceInheritedUInt32](docs/InheritanceInheritedUInt32.md)
 - [InheritedASMConfig](docs/InheritedASMConfig.md)
 - [InheritedAsmEnableBlock](docs/InheritedAsmEnableBlock.md)
 - [InheritedAsmGrowthBlock](docs/InheritedAsmGrowthBlock.md)
 - [InheritedDDNSBlock](docs/InheritedDDNSBlock.md)
 - [InheritedDDNSHostnameBlock](docs/InheritedDDNSHostnameBlock.md)
 - [InheritedDDNSUpdateBlock](docs/InheritedDDNSUpdateBlock.md)
 - [InheritedDHCPConfig](docs/InheritedDHCPConfig.md)
 - [InheritedDHCPConfigFilterList](docs/InheritedDHCPConfigFilterList.md)
 - [InheritedDHCPConfigIgnoreItemList](docs/InheritedDHCPConfigIgnoreItemList.md)
 - [InheritedDHCPOption](docs/InheritedDHCPOption.md)
 - [InheritedDHCPOptionItem](docs/InheritedDHCPOptionItem.md)
 - [InheritedDHCPOptionList](docs/InheritedDHCPOptionList.md)
 - [InheritedHostnameRewriteBlock](docs/InheritedHostnameRewriteBlock.md)
 - [IpamHost](docs/IpamHost.md)
 - [KerberosKey](docs/KerberosKey.md)
 - [LeaseAddress](docs/LeaseAddress.md)
 - [LeaseRange](docs/LeaseRange.md)
 - [LeaseSubnet](docs/LeaseSubnet.md)
 - [LeasesCommand](docs/LeasesCommand.md)
 - [ListASMResponse](docs/ListASMResponse.md)
 - [ListAddressBlockResponse](docs/ListAddressBlockResponse.md)
 - [ListAddressResponse](docs/ListAddressResponse.md)
 - [ListDNSUsageResponse](docs/ListDNSUsageResponse.md)
 - [ListFilterResponse](docs/ListFilterResponse.md)
 - [ListFixedAddressResponse](docs/ListFixedAddressResponse.md)
 - [ListHAGroupResponse](docs/ListHAGroupResponse.md)
 - [ListHardwareFilterResponse](docs/ListHardwareFilterResponse.md)
 - [ListHostResponse](docs/ListHostResponse.md)
 - [ListIPSpaceResponse](docs/ListIPSpaceResponse.md)
 - [ListIpamHostResponse](docs/ListIpamHostResponse.md)
 - [ListOptionCodeResponse](docs/ListOptionCodeResponse.md)
 - [ListOptionFilterResponse](docs/ListOptionFilterResponse.md)
 - [ListOptionGroupResponse](docs/ListOptionGroupResponse.md)
 - [ListOptionSpaceResponse](docs/ListOptionSpaceResponse.md)
 - [ListRangeResponse](docs/ListRangeResponse.md)
 - [ListServerResponse](docs/ListServerResponse.md)
 - [ListSubnetResponse](docs/ListSubnetResponse.md)
 - [Name](docs/Name.md)
 - [Nameserver](docs/Nameserver.md)
 - [NextAvailableABResponse](docs/NextAvailableABResponse.md)
 - [NextAvailableIPResponse](docs/NextAvailableIPResponse.md)
 - [NextAvailableSubnetResponse](docs/NextAvailableSubnetResponse.md)
 - [OptionCode](docs/OptionCode.md)
 - [OptionFilter](docs/OptionFilter.md)
 - [OptionFilterRule](docs/OptionFilterRule.md)
 - [OptionFilterRuleList](docs/OptionFilterRuleList.md)
 - [OptionGroup](docs/OptionGroup.md)
 - [OptionItem](docs/OptionItem.md)
 - [OptionSpace](docs/OptionSpace.md)
 - [Range](docs/Range.md)
 - [ReadASMResponse](docs/ReadASMResponse.md)
 - [ReadAddressBlockResponse](docs/ReadAddressBlockResponse.md)
 - [ReadAddressResponse](docs/ReadAddressResponse.md)
 - [ReadDNSUsageResponse](docs/ReadDNSUsageResponse.md)
 - [ReadFixedAddressResponse](docs/ReadFixedAddressResponse.md)
 - [ReadGlobalResponse](docs/ReadGlobalResponse.md)
 - [ReadHAGroupResponse](docs/ReadHAGroupResponse.md)
 - [ReadHardwareFilterResponse](docs/ReadHardwareFilterResponse.md)
 - [ReadHostResponse](docs/ReadHostResponse.md)
 - [ReadIPSpaceResponse](docs/ReadIPSpaceResponse.md)
 - [ReadIpamHostResponse](docs/ReadIpamHostResponse.md)
 - [ReadOptionCodeResponse](docs/ReadOptionCodeResponse.md)
 - [ReadOptionFilterResponse](docs/ReadOptionFilterResponse.md)
 - [ReadOptionGroupResponse](docs/ReadOptionGroupResponse.md)
 - [ReadOptionSpaceResponse](docs/ReadOptionSpaceResponse.md)
 - [ReadRangeResponse](docs/ReadRangeResponse.md)
 - [ReadServerResponse](docs/ReadServerResponse.md)
 - [ReadSubnetResponse](docs/ReadSubnetResponse.md)
 - [Server](docs/Server.md)
 - [ServerInheritance](docs/ServerInheritance.md)
 - [Subnet](docs/Subnet.md)
 - [TSIGKey](docs/TSIGKey.md)
 - [UpdateAddressBlockResponse](docs/UpdateAddressBlockResponse.md)
 - [UpdateAddressResponse](docs/UpdateAddressResponse.md)
 - [UpdateFixedAddressResponse](docs/UpdateFixedAddressResponse.md)
 - [UpdateGlobalResponse](docs/UpdateGlobalResponse.md)
 - [UpdateHAGroupResponse](docs/UpdateHAGroupResponse.md)
 - [UpdateHardwareFilterResponse](docs/UpdateHardwareFilterResponse.md)
 - [UpdateHostResponse](docs/UpdateHostResponse.md)
 - [UpdateIPSpaceResponse](docs/UpdateIPSpaceResponse.md)
 - [UpdateIpamHostResponse](docs/UpdateIpamHostResponse.md)
 - [UpdateOptionCodeResponse](docs/UpdateOptionCodeResponse.md)
 - [UpdateOptionFilterResponse](docs/UpdateOptionFilterResponse.md)
 - [UpdateOptionGroupResponse](docs/UpdateOptionGroupResponse.md)
 - [UpdateOptionSpaceResponse](docs/UpdateOptionSpaceResponse.md)
 - [UpdateRangeResponse](docs/UpdateRangeResponse.md)
 - [UpdateServerResponse](docs/UpdateServerResponse.md)
 - [UpdateSubnetResponse](docs/UpdateSubnetResponse.md)
 - [Utilization](docs/Utilization.md)
 - [UtilizationThreshold](docs/UtilizationThreshold.md)
 - [UtilizationV6](docs/UtilizationV6.md)


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`
