# Go API client for Infrastructure Management API

The **Infrastructure Management API** provides a RESTful interface to manage Infrastructure Hosts and Services objects.

The following is a list of the different Services and their string types (the string types are to be used with the APIs for the `service_type` field):
 | Service name | Service type | 
 | ------ | ------ | 
 | Access Authentication | authn | 
 | Anycast | anycast | 
 | Data Connector | cdc | 
 | DHCP | dhcp | 
 | DNS | dns | 
 | DNS Forwarding Proxy | dfp | 
 | NIOS Grid Connector | orpheus | 
 | MS AD Sync | msad | 
 | NTP | ntp | 
 | BGP | bgp | 
 | RIP | rip | 
 | OSPF | ospf | 


---


### Hosts API

The Hosts API is used to manage the Infrastructure Host resources.
These include various operations related to hosts such as viewing, creating, updating, replacing, disconnecting, and deleting Hosts.
Management of Hosts is done from the Cloud Services Portal (CSP) by navigating to the Manage -> Infrastructure -> Hosts tab.

---


### Services API

The Services API is used to manage the Infrastructure Service resources (a.k.a. BloxOne applications).
These include various operations related to hosts such as viewing, creating, updating, starting/stopping, configuring, and deleting Services.
Management of Services is done from the Cloud Services Portal (CSP) by navigating to the Manage -> Infrastructure -> Services tab.

---


### Detail APIs

The Detail APIs are read-only APIs used to list all the Infrastructure resources (Hosts and Services).
Each resource record returned also contains information about its other associated resources and the
status information for itself and the associated resource(s) (i.e., Host/Service status).

---




## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.5.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the package using `go get`:
```bash
go get github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/infra_mgmt
```

Import the package into your code:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/infra_mgmt"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

To create a new API client, you can use the `NewAPIClient` function as shown below
```go
client := infra_mgmt.NewAPIClient()
```

## Configuration

The `NewAPIClient` function accepts a variadic list of `option.ClientOption` functions that can be used to configure the client.
It requires the `option` package to be imported. You can import the package using:
```go
import "github.com/infobloxopen/bloxone-go-client/option"
```

### Client Name
The client name is used to identify the client in the logs. By default, the client name is set to `bloxone-go-client`. You can change this using the `option.WithClientName` option. For example:
```go
client := infra_mgmt.NewAPIClient(option.WithClientName("my-client"))
```

### Server URL

The default URL for the Cloud Services Portal is `https://csp.infoblox.com`. If you need to change this, you can use `option.WithCSPUrl` to set the URL. For example:

```go
client := infra_mgmt.NewAPIClient(option.WithCSPUrl("https://csp.eu.infoblox.com"))
```

You can also set the URL using the environment variable `BLOXONE_CSP_URL`

### Authorization

An API key is required to access Infrastructure Management API. You can obtain an API key by following the instructions in the guide for [Configuring User API Keys](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/BloxOneCloud/35430405/Configuring+User+API+Keys).

To use an API key with Infrastructure Management API, you can use the `option.WithAPIKey` option. For example:

```go
client := infra_mgmt.NewAPIClient(option.WithAPIKey("YOUR_API_KEY"))
```

You can also set the API key using the environment variable `BLOXONE_API_KEY`

Note: The API key is a secret and should be handled securely. Hardcoding the API key in your code is not recommended.

### Default Tags

You can set default tags for all API requests using the `option.WithDefaultTags` option. For example:

```go
client := infra_mgmt.NewAPIClient(option.WithDefaultTags(map[string]string{"tag1": "value1", "tag2": "value2"}))
```
This will add the tags `tag1=value1` and `tag2=value2` to all API requests that support tags in the request body.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://csp.infoblox.com/api/infra/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DetailAPI* | [**DetailHostsList**](docs/DetailAPI.md#detailhostslist) | **Get** /detail_hosts | List all the Hosts along with its associated Services (applications).
*DetailAPI* | [**DetailServicesList**](docs/DetailAPI.md#detailserviceslist) | **Get** /detail_services | List all the Services (applications) along with its associated Hosts.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsAssignTags**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsassigntags) | **Post** /hosts/assign_tags | Assign tags for list of hosts.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsCreate**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostscreate) | **Post** /hosts | Create a Host resource.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsDelete**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsdelete) | **Delete** /hosts/{id} | Delete a Host resource.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsDisconnect**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsdisconnect) | **Post** /hosts/{id}/disconnect | Disconnect a Host by resource ID.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsList**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostslist) | **Get** /hosts | List all the Host resources for an account.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsRead**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsread) | **Get** /hosts/{id} | Get a Host resource.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsReplace**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsreplace) | **Post** /hosts/{from.resource_id}/replace/{to.resource_id} | Migrate a Host&#39;s configuration from one to another.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsUnassignTags**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsunassigntags) | **Post** /hosts/unassign_tags | Unassign tag for the list hosts.
*HostsAPI* | [**HostsUpdate**](docs/HostsAPI.md#hostsupdate) | **Put** /hosts/{id} | Update a Host resource.
*ServicesAPI* | [**ServicesApplications**](docs/ServicesAPI.md#servicesapplications) | **Get** /applications | List applications (Service types) for a particular account.
*ServicesAPI* | [**ServicesCreate**](docs/ServicesAPI.md#servicescreate) | **Post** /services | Create a Service resource.
*ServicesAPI* | [**ServicesDelete**](docs/ServicesAPI.md#servicesdelete) | **Delete** /services/{id} | Delete a Service resource.
*ServicesAPI* | [**ServicesList**](docs/ServicesAPI.md#serviceslist) | **Get** /services | List all the Service resources for an account.
*ServicesAPI* | [**ServicesRead**](docs/ServicesAPI.md#servicesread) | **Get** /services/{id} | Read a Service resource.
*ServicesAPI* | [**ServicesUpdate**](docs/ServicesAPI.md#servicesupdate) | **Put** /services/{id} | Update a Service resource.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ApiPageInfo](docs/ApiPageInfo.md)
 - [InfraApplications](docs/InfraApplications.md)
 - [InfraApplicationsResponse](docs/InfraApplicationsResponse.md)
 - [InfraAssignTagsRequest](docs/InfraAssignTagsRequest.md)
 - [InfraCreateHostResponse](docs/InfraCreateHostResponse.md)
 - [InfraCreateServiceResponse](docs/InfraCreateServiceResponse.md)
 - [InfraDetailHost](docs/InfraDetailHost.md)
 - [InfraDetailHostServiceConfig](docs/InfraDetailHostServiceConfig.md)
 - [InfraDetailLocation](docs/InfraDetailLocation.md)
 - [InfraDetailService](docs/InfraDetailService.md)
 - [InfraDetailServiceHost](docs/InfraDetailServiceHost.md)
 - [InfraDetailServiceHostConfig](docs/InfraDetailServiceHostConfig.md)
 - [InfraDisconnectRequest](docs/InfraDisconnectRequest.md)
 - [InfraGetHostResponse](docs/InfraGetHostResponse.md)
 - [InfraGetServiceResponse](docs/InfraGetServiceResponse.md)
 - [InfraHost](docs/InfraHost.md)
 - [InfraListDetailHostsResponse](docs/InfraListDetailHostsResponse.md)
 - [InfraListDetailServicesResponse](docs/InfraListDetailServicesResponse.md)
 - [InfraListHostResponse](docs/InfraListHostResponse.md)
 - [InfraListServiceResponse](docs/InfraListServiceResponse.md)
 - [InfraPoolInfo](docs/InfraPoolInfo.md)
 - [InfraReplaceHostRequest](docs/InfraReplaceHostRequest.md)
 - [InfraService](docs/InfraService.md)
 - [InfraServiceHostConfig](docs/InfraServiceHostConfig.md)
 - [InfraShortServiceStatus](docs/InfraShortServiceStatus.md)
 - [InfraUnassignTagsRequest](docs/InfraUnassignTagsRequest.md)
 - [InfraUpdateHostResponse](docs/InfraUpdateHostResponse.md)
 - [InfraUpdateServiceResponse](docs/InfraUpdateServiceResponse.md)


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`
